engine_getBlobsV2: Don't prohibit partial responses (#671)
ethereum/execution-apis: src/engine/osaka.md

Refer to the specification for [`engine_getBlobsV1`](./cancun.md#engine_getblobsv1) with changes of the following:

1. Given an array of blob versioned hashes client software **MUST** respond with an array of `BlobAndProofV2` objects with matching versioned hashes, respecting the order of versioned hashes in the input array.

> 2. Client software **MUST** place responses in the order given in the request, using `null` for any missing blobs. For instance, if the request is `[A_versioned_hash, B_versioned_hash, C_versioned_hash]` and client software has data for blobs `A` and `C`, but doesn't have data for `B`, the response **MUST** be `[A, null, C]`.

Reviewer: Could we change the text a bit so that it explicitly allows returning `null` when some blobs are missing? Instead of relying on "Client software **MUST** return `null` if syncing or otherwise unable to serve blob pool data".

```suggestion
1. Given an array of blob versioned hashes, if client software has every one of the requested blobs, it **MUST** return an array of `BlobAndProofV2` objects whose order exactly matches the input array. For instance, if the request is `[A_versioned_hash, B_versioned_hash, C_versioned_hash]` and client software has `A`, `B` and `C` available, the response **MUST** be `[A, B, C]`.
2. If one or more of the requested blobs are unavailable, the client **MUST** return either `null` or an array of the same length and order, inserting `null` only at the positions of the missing blobs. For instance, if the request is `[A_versioned_hash, B_versioned_hash, C_versioned_hash]` and client software has data for blobs `A` and `C`, but doesn't have data for `B`, the response **MUST** be either `null` or `[A, null, C]`.
```
